feat(lua): allow vim.wo to be double indexed (#20288)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/lua-guide.txt

>lua
    vim.bo[4].expandtab = true -- sets expandtab to true in buffer 4
    vim.wo.number = true       -- sets number to true in current window

>     vim.wo[0].number = true    -- same as above (and |:set|)

Author: ```suggestion
    vim.wo[0].number = true    -- same as above (same as |:set|)
```

or 

```suggestion
    vim.wo[0].number = true    -- same as above 
```

Reviewer: Either is fine with me (it's your PR, just make the change).

Since you ask, I think it's better to not mix up the Lua API presentation and the Vimscript API. If(!) we touch on global-local window options at all here, line 366 above would be the better place. (Or just give a reference to `|vim.wo|` where a full explanation can be found.)

Author: I agree.

>     vim.wo[0].number = true    -- same as above
>     vim.wo[0][0].number = true -- like above but is only set for the current
>                                -- buffer (same as :setlocal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    vim.wo[0].number = true    -- same as above (and |:set|)
    vim.wo[0][0].number = true -- sets number to true in current buffer
                               -- in current window ony (same as |:setlocal|)
```

>                                -- in current window only (same as |:setlocal|)

Author: ```suggestion
                               -- in current window only 
```

>lua
    vim.bo[4].expandtab = true -- sets expandtab to true in buffer 4
    vim.wo.number = true       -- sets number to true in current window
    vim.wo[0].number = true    -- same as above (and |:set|)
    vim.wo[0][0].number = true -- sets number to true in current buffer

>                                -- in current window ony (same as |:setlocal|)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                               -- in current window only (same as |:setlocal|)
```
(sorry, can't tpye)
